Hello everyone,

Ammo Overhaul was a popular mod for Starbound that came up in a reddit thread for mod incorporation.
Turns out there were quite a few fans that wanted it into the game, and apperantly it fitted with what chucklefish had in mind.

On 20th Jan i was contacted by Molly (Community Manager for Starbound), and was asked if i was interested in letting them use my mod for their game.
While i did respond that i was interested roughly 2 hours later, i only heard back from here on the 22th. A bit unusual, but nothing big.
Anyway we talked things over, i sent her my personal information after having sought for my camera. And i'm still not sure why she'd need a picture of my passport for a mod contributor.
I got a copy of the agreement, [https://www.dropbox.com/s/txfhavt14s040mn/evilcritictestimony.pdf], and there i slipped up quite badly myself.
I didn't quite like how it was worded, and wrongly interpreted the duration of the agreement (i thought it was just for Ammo Overhaul, not everything) either way i figured it wouldn't matter much. 
It's just signing over the rights i figured, what could go wrong? Thus i signed it and was hoping to hear how it would continue, if i needed to sent them anything or just a general thanks we'll work on it. Instead nothing.
Anyway it was no big deal, but i didn't know if molly was aware that i signed the agreement. But i still wasn't done with my mod, so i went to work on the parts i still wanted to include. 

When it was march i was starting to get worried, i haven't heard anything in over a month. It obviously wasn't used for the next patch as was initially suggested as several patches had already gone by.
Either way i had more time on my hands by now so i started reading up on contributor agreements, related laws and what exactly it meant for any of my new mod projects i had planned.
Now i'm not saying i understood it fully yet, the agreement isn't worded that precisely and my knowledge of relevant uk & british laws was non existing before this all happened.
But i still wanted to know what was going on, so i contacted molly on march 8th and later contacted tiy. (i didn't screenshot that pm, but it was probably on the 17th).

Around 25th March i was fed up, i wanted to talk about it and by then the nda couldn't cover it anyway. While i figured they probably wanted to announce it themselves in the end, i decided to talk about it on 4chan instead.
For clarification, while i was developing the mod i already was posting 4chan. I was openly discussing my ideas, showing off progress and listening to feedback. Something i did on a smaller scale on the official forums as well.
I wanted to inform my fans of the mod, who in the first place selected it as a contender for being incorporated. I wanted to thank the ones who wanted my mod ingame the most, yet wasn't probably wasn't supposed to do so just yet.
And keep in mind this isn't just about the ignored pm's, it was the total lack of communication despite numerous reminders.
-Molly forgot for 2 days while initiating contact.
-Molly didn't reply after i signed the agreement.
-Neither of my 2 pm's got a reply, though tiy did seem to have told molly he was contacted.
-They ran a second what mod do you want to see round on 22th february [http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/22nd-february.72791/].
-I made several vague posts saying something was forgotten, didn't expect anything from that tbh.
-They still made the newsletter with their usual popular mod spotlight while ammo overhaul has been on the front page for a long time.

And yet i heard nothing from them, i didn't know if they'd mind if i were to talk about it. None of it was signed as confidential and the nda could not cover information received prior to it.
So i spoke up on 4chan, proved i wasn't just talking shit with aid of my screenshot and ultimately i did inform them something was going wrong. Obviously this wasn't to good news and they were pissed off and laughing about it.

Then came March 28th, Molly made a new thread explaining what was going on. [http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/i-said-hey-whats-goin-on.76288/]
I saw my chance crystal clear and quickly made a post in the lines of "I think you forgot something quite important to me", Which when i received contact finally i edited into a simple thanks.
If you don't want me to believe me on this, simply ask them for the screenshot of the pm i sent tiy to disprove me. If i am lying, it's very easy for them to prove it.
None the less i decided it was best to inform 4chan that i finally did get contact and kill of the being ignored rumor as it was no longer true. Perhaps not the nicest approach, but i felt responsible for it.

On the wednesday after (should have been the 2nd of april) i got word back from Molly, she saw a leaked convo on reddit and was asking why it was there.
I explained what i did, and why i did it. Arguably not with the best phrasing, but either way i did not post it on reddit. That was for a while the last i heard of her.
As far as i knew back then, they still wanted to implement it "really soon" so i waited again. Though i did see the news about moving and realised it probably wasn't happening for a while again but i still retained some hope.

It's not like i was sitting still in the mean time, i read up more about relevant laws and realised the agreement just wasn't quite up to scratch. It just wasn't designed for mod contributors to begin with.
I couldn't find any consideration, which basically means both parties have to gain something of value for this agreement to be legally binding. What would i get in return black on white? simply put, nothing according to the agreement.
The nda speaks of "Working with Finn Brice in order to complete contracted work", that wasn't the case obviously. It also stated it only affected the information that was marked as confidential or within 10 days corrected as confidential.
None of my conversation had that, so the nda doesn't even begin to cover it. 
It also takes away all my rights related to the "work", instead of leaving me scraps behind. That means i would not be able to make spin off or similar mods again, not while owning them at least.
The infinite duration also troubled me, why would i want to sign over everything i'd ever make? Especially if it counted as contracted work i wouldn't even be the first owner, they could freely state they made this themselves.

At 6th of May i decided to contact molly again, about whether or not it was actually legally binding. Because if it was not, i could arrange a agreement that simply did not worry me as much as this one while still signing over the rights.
Instead i got to hear they weren't going to use Ammo Overhaul anyway, not a big deal of it's own. The problem lies in the fact that she already knew that. That she only mentioned it because i sought contact again.
She had known this for a while, though i didn't know how long. I asked for a explanation right after and just didn't get one.

The next day i made my move, i just couldn't be sure of their intentions at this point. I had information that didn't put them in a good light, and i'd have to guess if they were to try and discredit me for it. I figured they would.
I saw what happened to Xander, to D-16, deleted posts that didn't praise chucklefish enough and now their desire to not even inform me that it wasn't used? I was flat out expecting them to try and attack my credibility, so i acted first.
I posted my explanation in my discussion thread of ammo overhaul, and removed the upload/mod page on their site. (Mostly because i didn't want to get tangled up with a secondary agreement or it's on their site so they own it arguments)


And that was it, or was it?
They removed the agreement, and then tried to explain on reddit:
http://www.reddit.com/r/starbound/comments/251u7t/the_ammo_overhaul_mod_just_got_cancelled/


There's a few problems here:
-Molly did not act upon tiy's reminding her due to my pm. She reacted to my post in her thread on march the 28th.
-I still can not find the "sensitive personal information" tiy mentions in regards to the agreement, their accountant's office and the fact that they're a ltd can be publicly found. same for tiy's irl name.
-I did not know why they didn't use it, they never explained it prior to the ban. All i could do is guess.
-They kept me uninformed about not using Ammo Overhaul for over a month.
-I never said i shouldn't have done so, i don't regret a thing.
-CF would have made money out of this deal by including a popular mod, for starters it should marginally increase the value as well as save time & money they'd need to spend on doing the balancing themselves.


Info:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/jahpuf4iui496xw/cfconvo.png
https://www.dropbox.com/s/txfhavt14s040mn/evilcritictestimony.pdf